sal: sid_pal: store keys in KMU instead of trusted storage (#780)
nrfconnect/sdk-sidewalk: doc/samples/sid_end_device.rst

Secure Key Storage support
==========================

The Sidewalk Platform Abstraction Layer for nRF Connect SDK supports a trusted storage mechanism to securely store non-volatile Sidewalk keys.
The feature is enabled by default with the ``CONFIG_SIDEWALK_CRYPTO_PSA_KEY_STORAGE`` Kconfig option.

> The trusted storage can be configured to store the keys in one of the following locations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the trusted storage to store the keys in one of the following locations:
```

* Key Management Unit (KMU), enabled by default with the ``CONFIG_SIDEWALK_CRYPTO_PSA_KEY_STORAGE_KMU`` Kconfig option.

> * Settings partition, otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Key Management Unit (KMU) - Enabled by default with the ``CONFIG_SIDEWALK_CRYPTO_PSA_KEY_STORAGE_KMU`` Kconfig option.
* Settings partition - Used when the KMU option is disabled.
```

.. note::

   Once keys are moved to the trusted storage, it is impossible to read them back and move into MFG storage.

>    Therefore, do not update your firmware to versions that do not support the trusted storage, or use a different storage backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Once keys are moved to the trusted storage, you cannot read them back and move into MFG storage.
   For this reason, do not update your firmware to versions that do not support the trusted storage or use a different storage backend.
```
